But when I was younger, I didn't really think of Jehovah that much as a person.
Well, I definitely think that having a friendship with God is a hard concept to understand.
I like the scripture that says,
Taste and see that Jehovah is good,
because if you want to get to know Jehovah as a friend and develop a relationship with him,
you do have to put forth effort and you have to take the first step you could say.
You have to see Jehovah as a person and that he's real,
and that when you pray, you know he's hearing you.
When I'm all alone, I take advantage of the opportunity to talk to him.
I talk to him all the time.
There is no greater feeling than having Jehovah as your friend and it's worth the effort.
Friends in your life come and go,
but the only person who will never truly leave you is Jehovah.
He can be your friend forever if you want him to be.
Our family went through some hard times having a single mom.
We didn't know where our next meal was coming from.
We would be able to pay the rent and that's the,
I think the biggest thing I learned in my life is to throw that anxiety upon Jehovah
and he'll take care of you in every single time without fail.
And he's come through for us.
My parents weren't in the truth.
The only thing I had was Jehovah.
So I had developed a real relationship with him.
When I think of a friend, I think of somebody you desire to tell your feelings to,
but you can always tell Jehovah anything.
Through the good times and the bad, one way or another,
I've seen that he's always helped me to continue.
Whenever I have a problem, whenever I'm down,
I always know that I can go to him any time that I want to for anything.